Okay, so moving along
with our development process.
In this video, we'll cover steps three and four
of adding the Member button to the login-status component,
and also defining a protected route
for the members-page component.
Alrighty, so let's go ahead and move over
to the login-status component
and open up this login-status.component.html file.
So this is where we have our buttons,
and we're going to add one more button for the Member button.
And I'll just move down here
and I'll actually copy one of the previous lines.
Just doing a little copy paste.
And this snippet of code here for the ngIf,
let's remove this for right now.
We'll actually add it back later,
but I want to just show you how the application will work
if we don't have this piece of code there.
I want to also remove the click portion of the code
and we'll add a router link here.
So this will be a router link to /members,
and the actual button will have the text of Member.
And there's one small thing I want to do here,
just a cosmetic item here.
I want to add a bootstrap CSS style
just to give us some margin space on the left.
So ml-1 for one px.
All right, so that's our new Member button
that we've just added to this login-status component.
Alrighty, so now we're up to step four
of defining a protected route
for the members-page component.
This is probably the most important part of this demo.
So I'll move down to my app.module.ts file.
And I'll move down to the section
where we define our routes.
And I'll copy one of the previous routes
and just kind of paste it here
to have something to work with.
And this path will be members.
The component will be the reference to that new component
that we just created, the MembersPageComponent.
And now for the important part is setting up
our route guard, so we make use of that canActivate.
And then we give a reference to the OktaAuthGuard.
So remember, this is our route guard that we've set up here.
And basically, if authenticated,
will give access to the route,
else will send the user to the login page.
And one other thing I need to do here,
I need to make a code update into this oktaConfig.
I need to add one more parameter here.
I'll just call it oktaAuth, and we have the injector.
So just make sure you add this new entry here
for this oktaAuth.
Alrighty, so we're in good shape here.
We defined this new route here for members
and we set up our route guard accordingly.
So this looks really good.
I think I'm ready to test this out.